README.adoc, before:

= Server

image:https://img.shields.io/badge/vert.x-4.1.0-purple.svg[link="https://vertx.io"]

The proposed solution stack :

 * https://vertx.io/[vertx] : Highly versatile and flexible asynchronous and reactive framework
 * Kotlin : JVM Based language, offering efficient syntax and frameworks as well as full interoperability with java
 * https://github.com/google/guice[Guice] : Google's java Dependency Injection framework
 * https://www.postgresql.org/[PostgreSQL] : SQL Database
 * JUnit5
 * https://site.mockito.org/[Mockito] : Mocking framework with added kotlin specific plugins

The application stub was generated using http://start.vertx.io


== Building

To package your application:

```
./gradlew clean shadowJar
```

The shadow generates a full api jar located at :

```
build\libs\CasinoWarsServer-1.0.0-SNAPSHOT-fat.jar
```

The fat jar is required to build the docker container

Alternatively the application can be run directly :

```
./gradlew clean run
```

== Docker build

After the fat jar is generated a dockerized env can be built and run in one command line.
```
docker-compose up --build
```

Database init scripts are provided
```
sql\create_tables.sql
```

== Generating clients

Open API clients for various languages can be generated using OpenAPI generator and can be used as test clients
Example :

```
java -jar openapi-generator-cli-5.2.0-20210606.144210-100.jar generate -g kotlin-vertx -i swagger.yaml --additional-properties=packageName=com.pokerwars.apiclient,artifactId=poker-wars-client -o C:\tmp\kotlin-vertx
```

== Open API Test client

The service expose a swagger open api client under \swagger folder pre-configured with the service deployed API

It can be accessed at url :
```
https:\\service_url\swagger
```

The service api can is served as static file at
```
https:\\service_url\swagger.yaml
```

== Game progress

Game sessions are created using POST on ```game```

The players can place bets on any game session using ```/game/bet``` endpoints

When placing a bet, the bet amount is deducted from the player token count, and a bet result is returned.

If the bet results in a war status, the player has to invoke the bet again with either ```0``` bet or ```same token value``` as previous bet in order to resolve the war status

When the deck runs out of cards, it gets expanded with a new shuffled deck

== Help

* https://vertx.io/docs/[Vert.x Documentation]
* https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/vert.x?sort=newest&pageSize=15[Vert.x Stack Overflow]
* https://groups.google.com/forum/?fromgroups#!forum/vertx[Vert.x User Group]
* https://gitter.im/eclipse-vertx/vertx-users[Vert.x Gitter]

Commit message:

Changed config to default docker targets Added a fat jar build

README.adoc, after:

= Server

image:https://img.shields.io/badge/vert.x-4.1.0-purple.svg[link="https://vertx.io"]

The proposed solution stack :

 * https://vertx.io/[vertx] : Highly versatile and flexible asynchronous and reactive framework
 * Kotlin : JVM Based language, offering efficient syntax and frameworks as well as full interoperability with java
 * https://github.com/google/guice[Guice] : Google's java Dependency Injection framework
 * https://www.postgresql.org/[PostgreSQL] : SQL Database
 * JUnit5
 * https://site.mockito.org/[Mockito] : Mocking framework with added kotlin specific plugins

The application stub was generated using http://start.vertx.io


== Building

Configure the server :
```
server-config.yaml
```

Configure the database connection :
```
db-config.yaml
```

To package the application:

```
./gradlew clean shadowJar
```

The shadow generates a full api jar located at :

```
build\libs\CasinoWarsServer-1.0.0-SNAPSHOT-fat.jar
```

The fat jar is required to build the docker container

Alternatively the application can be run directly :

```
./gradlew clean run
```

== Docker build

After the fat jar is generated a dockerized env can be built and run in one command line.
```
docker-compose up --build
```

Database init scripts are provided
```
sql\create_tables.sql
```

== Generating clients

Open API clients for various languages can be generated using OpenAPI generator and can be used as test clients
Example :

```
java -jar openapi-generator-cli-5.2.0-20210606.144210-100.jar generate -g kotlin-vertx -i swagger.yaml --additional-properties=packageName=com.pokerwars.apiclient,artifactId=poker-wars-client -o C:\tmp\kotlin-vertx
```

== Open API Test client

The service expose a swagger open api client under \swagger folder pre-configured with the service deployed API

It can be accessed at url :
```
https:\\service_url\swagger
```

The service api can is served as static file at
```
https:\\service_url\swagger.yaml
```

== Game progress

Game sessions are created using POST on ```game```

The players can place bets on any game session using ```/game/bet``` endpoints

When placing a bet, the bet amount is deducted from the player token count, and a bet result is returned.

If the bet results in a war status, the player has to invoke the bet again with either ```0``` bet or ```same token value``` as previous bet in order to resolve the war status

When the deck runs out of cards, it gets expanded with a new shuffled deck

== Help

* https://vertx.io/docs/[Vert.x Documentation]
* https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/vert.x?sort=newest&pageSize=15[Vert.x Stack Overflow]
* https://groups.google.com/forum/?fromgroups#!forum/vertx[Vert.x User Group]
* https://gitter.im/eclipse-vertx/vertx-users[Vert.x Gitter]
